// Where the read_emails in read_emails are stored. 

Tanish Inamdar <tinamdar@azcyber.org> messaged you on Google Chat while you  

were away





Tanish Inamdar



Tanish Inamdar







june3-7introbootcamp-24-user46@azcyber.cyberskyline.com









Open in Google Chat





Google Chat: An intelligent messaging app, built for teams.

Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA

You have received this email because you have been mentioned in this  

conversation by a Google Chat user. You cannot reply to this email.

Unsubscribe from these emails by changing your email reminder preferences  

for Google Chat. Email reminder preferences cannot be set on mobile  

devices. Learn more

Logo for Google






Hello Mathnasium Ocotillo,



I'm resending this email because David asked me to send it again.



My name is Tanish Inamdar and I'm a junior at Basis Chandler. I sending

this email to apply for a job at the Ocotillo Mathnasium when there is an

available position. I have taken numerous AP math courses such as Calculus

AB and Calculus BC and I'm currently taking AP statistics. I scored high in

standardized testing with a 760 perfect score on my PSAT math section.



I have experience with instructing and tutoring kids. I have taught younger

kids biology as part of my school's NHS program. I have also taught an

Intro to Debate online class and helped run my school's Debate program

teaching Debate to younger kids.



I have attached my resume below for more information about me. Thank you

very much for your time and consideration.



Sincerely,

Tanish Inamdar


Ways to maximize your summer!



Tanish,



    The summer between your junior and senior years is an exciting and important time to set yourself up for a successful college search (and less stress your senior year!). We put together a simple guide of the top 7 things you can do this summer <https://admissions.xavier.edu/www/documents/summer-college-search.pdf> to help you get started. I think these small steps can make a big difference as you go into your senior year. 



    We are truly here to support you at Xavier, so please let me know how we can help with your college search. I'm looking forward to getting to know you more, Tanish!



    Julie Nelson

    Assistant Dean, Undergraduate Admission







This email was sent to tanishdinamdar@gmail.com by Julie Nelson, Assistant Dean of Admission.

Unsubscribe from Xavier University. <https://admissions.xavier.edu/go?r=optout&mid=2d21bc34-86fe-418d-ad5b-0592e67a0e0b>
